life is easy these three knee abilities
first is the ability to absorb Force
without pain but instead of starting
with crazy drops start with the next
ability which is the ability to step
down not one but two steps slowly if you
can do that your knee is strong and
stable and lastly the ability to fully
bend your knee without pain the bigger
you are usually the harder that is but
not because the extra body weight extra
body weight actually means that your
knees are probably actually stronger
than mine the reason why it hurts is
because there's either extra muscle or
extra fat behind your knees so it's
almost like doing this so when you fully
bend it builds up a lot of pressure
inside of the knee and only go as far as
you can go without pain and don't let
anybody correct you because only you
actually know where you need to start if
you combine those three abilities you'll
be the grandparent that bounces around
with all their grandkids stay flexy